Customer -> Make Reservation:
a.1. Customer can checks menu on website on top left corner next homepage and click on make reservation at the end of menu(after browsing our options).
a.2. As clicking on make reservation, login pgae comes up.
a.3. Customer logs in and is taken to make reservation page.
a.4. Customer can make reservation by entering data and submitting. 

b.1. Customer clicks on login button on top right of the page.
b.2. Customer enters data and logs into their account.
b.3. Customer clicks on the make reservation button.
b.4. Customer is taken to make reservation page.
b.5. Customer can make reservation by entering data and submitting.
b.6. Key fields for a reservation are: date, time, number of people

------------
Customer -> Create Online Account:
1. Customer clicks on sign up button on top right of the page.
2. Customer is taken to page for signing up.
3. Customer has to enter their data to create an account.
4. After creating account, user gets email for success.
5. Customer is taken to their page after submitting their information.
6. Customer's home page contains these critial features: edit profile, make reservation, reservation history.

------------
Waiter -> Make Reservation:
1. Waiter clicks on login on top right of the page.
2. Waiter is taken to login page and will enter email and password.
3. Waiter will be taken to their home page, where they have access to making reservations.
4. Clicks on making reservation.
5. Enters the customer information either by phone or walk in.
6. Submits the data for the reservation.

------------
Waiter -> Checkin:
1. Asks what name the reservation is under.
2. Pull ups the reservation and markes it as arrived/cutomer-is-her.
3. Guids the customer to their table and updates the reservation with table number.

------------
Waiter -> Order Management:
1. Waiter clicks on login on top right of the page.
2. Waiter is taken to login page and will enter email and password.
3. Waiter will be taken to their home page, where they have access to making orders.
4. Waiter goes to the customer's table
5. Pulls up the reservation by table id not the customer name.
6. Clicks on making orders.
7. Enters the customers order information.
8. Submits the data for the order.

------------
Cashier -> Bill Management:
1. Cashier clicks on login on top right of the page.
2. Cashier is taken to login page and will enter email and password.
3. Cashier will be taken to their home page, where they have access to all the bills for the tables.
4. Clicks on checking out for a selected table.
5. Gets the total of the order amount for that table of customer.
6. Prints the total and takes it to customer for payment.

------------
Admin -> Setup Menu:
1. Admin clicks on login on top right of the page.
2. Admin is taken to login page and will enter email and password.
3. Admin is taken to their home page where they have access to fixing the menu and the items.
4. Clicks on fixing menu button.
5. Taken to apage where admin can make changes, add or remove menu items, prices.

------------
Admin -> User Management: 
1. Admin clicks on login on top right of the page.
2. Admin is taken to login page and will enter email and password.
3. Admin is taken to their home page where they have access to adding new users(restaurant staff).
4. Clicks on adding new staff button.
5. Enters the data for the new employee and submits it to create account for them.
6. Gives temporary password to the staff untill they change it.
